Note 1&#x2013;Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesApple Inc. and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively &#x201C;Apple&#x201D; or
the &#x201C;Company&#x201D;) designs, manufactures, and markets
personal computers, mobile communication and media devices, and
portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related
software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and
third-party digital content and applications. The Company sells its
products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores, and
direct sales force, and third-party cellular network carriers,
wholesalers, resellers and value-added resellers. In addition, the
Company sells a variety of third-party Macintosh
(&#x201C;Mac&#x201D;), iPhone, iPad and iPod compatible products
including application software, printers, storage devices,
speakers, headphones, and various other accessories and supplies
through its online and retail stores. The Company sells to
consumer, small and mid-sized business, education, enterprise,
government and creative customers.Basis of Presentation
and PreparationThe
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of the Company. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated. The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;) requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual
results could differ materially from those estimates. Certain prior
year amounts in the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current
year&#x2019;s presentation.The
Company&#x2019;s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends
on the last Saturday of September. The Company&#x2019;s fiscal years
2010, 2009 and 2008 ended on September&#xA0;25,
2010,&#xA0;September&#xA0;26, 2009 and September&#xA0;27, 2008,
respectively, and included 52 weeks each. An additional week is
included in the first fiscal quarter approximately every six years
to realign fiscal quarters with calendar quarters. Unless otherwise
stated, references to particular years or quarters refer to the
Company&#x2019;s fiscal years ended in September and the associated
quarters of those fiscal years.Retrospective Adoption
of New Accounting PrinciplesIn September
2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;)
amended the accounting standards related to revenue recognition for
arrangements with multiple deliverables and arrangements that
include software elements (&#x201C;new accounting
principles&#x201D;). The new accounting principles permitted
prospective or retrospective adoption, and the Company elected
retrospective adoption during the first quarter of 2010.Under the
historical accounting principles, the Company was required to
account for sales of both iPhone and Apple TV using subscription
accounting because the Company indicated it might from time-to-time
provide future unspecified software upgrades and features for those
products free of charge. Under subscription accounting, revenue and
associated product cost of sales for iPhone and Apple TV were
deferred at the time of sale and recognized on a straight-line
basis over each product&#x2019;s estimated economic life. This
resulted in the deferral of significant amounts of revenue and cost
of sales related to iPhone and Apple TV.The new
accounting principles affect the Company&#x2019;s accounting for all
past and current sales of iPhone, iPad, Apple TV and for sales of
iPod touch beginning in June 2010. The new accounting principles
require the Company to account for the sale of these devices as two
deliverables. The first deliverable is the hardware and software
essential to the functionality of the hardware device delivered at
the time of sale, and the second deliverable is the right included
with the purchase of these devices to receive on a
when-and-if-available basis, future unspecified software upgrades
and features relating to the product&#x2019;s essential software.
The new accounting principles result in the recognition of a
substantial portion of the revenue and all product costs from the
sale of these devices at the time of their sale. Additionally, the
Company is required to estimate a standalone selling price for the
unspecified software upgrade rights included with the sale of these
devices and recognizes that amount ratably over the 24-month
estimated life of the related hardware device.Refer to the
&#x201C;Explanatory Note&#x201D; and Note 2, &#x201C;Retrospective
Adoption of New Accounting Principles&#x201D; in the 2009 Form 10-K
for additional information on the impact of adoption of the new
accounting principles, which sections are incorporated herein by
reference.Revenue
RecognitionNet sales
consist primarily of revenue from the sale of hardware, software,
digital content and applications, peripherals, and service and
support contracts. The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales
price is fixed or determinable, and collection is probable. Product
is considered delivered to the customer once it has been shipped
and title and risk of loss have been transferred. For most of the
Company&#x2019;s product sales, these criteria are met at the time
the product is shipped. For online sales to individuals, for some
sales to education customers in the U.S., and for certain other
sales, the Company defers revenue until the customer receives the
product because the Company legally retains a portion of the risk
of loss on these sales during transit. The Company recognizes
revenue from the sale of hardware products (e.g., Macs, iPhones,
iPads, iPods and peripherals), software bundled with hardware that
is essential to the functionality of the hardware, and third-party
digital content sold on the iTunes Store in accordance with general
revenue recognition accounting guidance. The Company recognizes
revenue in accordance with industry specific software accounting
guidance for the following types of sales transactions:
(i)&#xA0;standalone sales of software products, (ii)&#xA0;sales of
software upgrades and (iii)&#xA0;sales of software bundled with
hardware not essential to the functionality of the
hardware.The Company
sells software and peripheral products obtained from other
companies. The Company generally establishes its own pricing and
retains related inventory risk, is the primary obligor in sales
transactions with its customers, and assumes the credit risk for
amounts billed to its customers. Accordingly, the Company generally
recognizes revenue for the sale of products obtained from other
companies based on the gross amount billed. For certain sales made
through the iTunes Store, including sales of third-party software
applications for the Company&#x2019;s iOS devices, the Company is
not the primary obligor to users of the software, and third-party
developers determine the selling price of their software.
Therefore, the Company accounts for such sales on a net basis by
recognizing only the commission it retains from each sale and
including that commission in net sales in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations. The portion of the sales price paid by
users that is remitted by the Company to third-party developers is
not reflected in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statement of
Operations.The Company
records deferred revenue when it receives payments in advance of
the delivery of products or the performance of services. This
includes amounts that have been deferred related to embedded
unspecified and specified software upgrades rights. The Company
sells gift cards redeemable at its retail and online stores, and
also sells gift cards redeemable on the iTunes Store for the
purchase of content and software. The Company records deferred
revenue upon the sale of the card, which is relieved upon
redemption of the card by the customer. Revenue from AppleCare
service and support contracts is deferred and recognized ratably
over the service coverage periods. AppleCare service and support
contracts typically include extended phone support, repair
services, web-based support resources and diagnostic tools offered
under the Company&#x2019;s standard limited warranty.The Company
records reductions to revenue for estimated commitments related to
price protection and for customer incentive programs, including
reseller and end-user rebates, and other sales programs and
volume-based incentives. The estimated cost of these programs is
recognized in the period the Company has sold the product and
committed to a plan. The Company also records reductions to revenue
for expected future product returns based on the Company&#x2019;s
historical experience. Revenue is recorded net of taxes collected
from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities, with
the collected taxes recorded as current liabilities until remitted
to the relevant government authority.&#xA0;Revenue Recognition for
Arrangements with Multiple DeliverablesFor
multi-element arrangements that include tangible products that
contain software that is essential to the tangible product&#x2019;s
functionality and undelivered software elements that relate to the
tangible product&#x2019;s essential software, the Company allocates
revenue to all deliverables based on their relative selling prices.
In such circumstances, the Company uses a hierarchy to determine
the selling price to be used for allocating revenue to
deliverables: (i)&#xA0;vendor-specific objective evidence of fair
value (&#x201C;VSOE&#x201D;), (ii)&#xA0;third-party evidence of
selling price (&#x201C;TPE&#x201D;), and (iii)&#xA0;best estimate of
the selling price (&#x201C;ESP&#x201D;). VSOE generally exists only
when the Company sells the deliverable separately and is the price
actually charged by the Company for that deliverable. ESPs reflect
the Company&#x2019;s best estimates of what the selling prices of
elements would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone
basis.As described in
more detail below, for all past and current sales of iPhone, iPad,
Apple TV and for sales of iPod touch beginning in June 2010, the
Company has indicated it may from time-to-time provide future
unspecified software upgrades and features free of charge to
customers. The Company has identified two deliverables in
arrangements involving the sale of these devices. The first
deliverable is the hardware and software essential to the
functionality of the hardware device delivered at the time of sale.
The second deliverable is the embedded right included with the
purchase of iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Apple TV to receive on a
when-and-if-available basis, future unspecified software upgrades
and features relating to the product&#x2019;s essential software.
The Company has allocated revenue between these two deliverables
using the relative selling price method. Because the Company has
neither VSOE nor TPE for the two deliverables, the allocation of
revenue has been based on the Company&#x2019;s ESPs. Amounts
allocated to the delivered hardware and the related essential
software are recognized at the time of sale provided the other
conditions for revenue recognition have been met. Amounts allocated
to the embedded unspecified software upgrade rights are deferred
and recognized on a straight-line basis over the 24-month estimated
life of each of these devices. All product cost of sales, including
estimated warranty costs, are recognized at the time of sale. Costs
for engineering and sales and marketing are expensed as
incurred.The
Company&#x2019;s process for determining its ESP for deliverables
without VSOE or TPE considers multiple factors that may vary
depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each
deliverable. The Company believes its customers, particularly
consumers, would be reluctant to buy unspecified software upgrade
rights related to iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Apple TV. This view
is primarily based on the fact that unspecified upgrade rights do
not obligate the Company to provide upgrades at a particular time
or at all, and do not specify to customers which upgrades or
features will be delivered. Therefore, the Company has concluded
that if it were to sell upgrade rights on a standalone basis,
including those rights associated with iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and
Apple TV, the selling price would be relatively low. Key factors
considered by the Company in developing the ESPs for these upgrade
rights include prices charged by the Company for similar offerings,
the Company&#x2019;s historical pricing practices, the nature of the
upgrade rights (e.g., unspecified and when-and-if-available), and
the relative ESP of the upgrade rights as compared to the total
selling price of the product. The Company may also consider, when
appropriate, the impact of other products and services, including
advertising services, on selling price assumptions when developing
and reviewing its ESPs for software upgrade rights and related
deliverables. The Company may also consider additional factors as
appropriate, including the pricing of competitive alternatives if
they exist, and product-specific business objectives.Beginning in
the third quarter of 2010 in conjunction with the announcement of
iOS 4, the Company&#x2019;s ESPs for the embedded software upgrade
rights included with iPhone, iPad and iPod touch reflect the
positive financial impact expected by the Company as a result of
its introduction of a mobile advertising platform for these devices
and the expectation of customers regarding software that includes
or supports an advertising component. iOS 4 supports iAd, the
Company&#x2019;s new mobile advertising platform, which enables
applications on iPhone, iPad and iPod touch to embed media-rich
advertisements.For all periods
presented, the Company&#x2019;s ESP for the embedded software
upgrade right included with each Apple TV sold is $10. The
Company&#x2019;s ESP for the software upgrade right included with
each iPhone sold through the Company&#x2019;s second quarter of 2010
was $25. Beginning in April 2010 in conjunction with the
Company&#x2019;s announcement of iOS 4 for iPhone, the Company
lowered its ESP for the software upgrade right included with each
iPhone to $10.Beginning with
initial sales of iPad in April 2010, the Company has also indicated
it may from time-to-time provide future unspecified software
upgrades and features free of charge to iPad customers. The
Company&#x2019;s ESP for the embedded software upgrade right
included with the sale of each iPad is $10. In June 2010, the
Company announced that certain previously sold iPod touch models
would receive an upgrade to iOS 4 free of charge and indicated iPod
touch devices running on iOS 4 may from time-to-time receive future
unspecified software upgrades and features free of charge. The
Company&#x2019;s ESP for the embedded software upgrade right
included with each iPod touch sold beginning in June 2010 is
$5.The Company
accounts for multiple element arrangements that consist only of
software or software-related products, including the sale of
upgrades to previously sold software, in accordance with industry
specific accounting guidance for software and software-related
transactions. For such transactions, revenue on arrangements that
include multiple elements is allocated to each element based on the
relative fair value of each element, and fair value is determined
by VSOE. If the Company cannot objectively determine the fair value
of any undelivered element included in such multiple-element
arrangements, the Company defers revenue until all elements are
delivered and services have been performed, or until fair value can
objectively be determined for any remaining undelivered elements.
When the fair value of a delivered element has not been
established, but fair value exists for the undelivered elements,
the Company uses the residual method to recognize revenue. Under
the residual method, the fair value of the undelivered elements is
deferred and the remaining portion of the arrangement fee is
allocated to the delivered elements and is recognized as
revenue.Except as
described for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Apple TV, the Company
generally does not offer unspecified upgrade rights to its
customers in connection with software sales or the sale of
AppleCare extended warranty and support contracts. A limited number
of the Company&#x2019;s software products are available with
maintenance agreements that grant customers rights to unspecified
future upgrades over the maintenance term on a when and if
available basis. Revenue associated with such maintenance is
recognized ratably over the maintenance term.Shipping
CostsFor all periods
presented, amounts billed to customers related to shipping and
handling are classified as revenue, and the Company&#x2019;s
shipping and handling costs are included in cost of
sales.Warranty
ExpenseThe Company
generally provides for the estimated cost of hardware and software
warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The
Company assesses the adequacy of its pre-existing warranty
liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary based on actual
experience and changes in future estimates.Software Development
CostsResearch and
development costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs of
computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are
subject to capitalization beginning when a product&#x2019;s
technological feasibility has been established and ending when a
product is available for general release to customers. In most
instances, the Company&#x2019;s products are released soon after
technological feasibility has been established. Therefore, costs
incurred subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility are
usually not significant, and generally most software development
costs have been expensed as incurred.The Company did
not capitalize any software development costs during 2010. In 2009
and 2008, the Company capitalized $71 million and $11 million,
respectively, of costs associated with the development of Mac OS X
Version 10.6 Snow Leopard (&#x201C;Mac OS X Snow Leopard&#x201D;),
which was released during the fourth quarter of 2009. The
capitalized costs are being amortized to cost of sales on a
straight-line basis over a three year estimated useful life of the
underlying technology.Total
amortization related to capitalized software development costs was
$48 million, $25 million and $27 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008,
respectively.Advertising
CostsAdvertising
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $691
million, $501 million and $486 million for 2010, 2009 and 2008,
respectively.Stock-Based
CompensationThe Company
accounts for stock-based payment transactions in which the Company
receives employee services in exchange for (a)&#xA0;equity
instruments of the enterprise or (b)&#xA0;liabilities that are
based on the fair value of the enterprise&#x2019;s equity
instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of such equity
instruments. Stock-based compensation cost for restricted stock
units (&#x201C;RSUs&#x201D;) is measured based on the closing fair
market value of the Company&#x2019;s common stock on the date of
grant. Stock-based compensation cost for stock options is estimated
at the grant date based on each option&#x2019;s fair-value as
calculated by the Black-Scholes-Merton (&#x201C;BSM&#x201D;)
option-pricing model. The Company recognizes stock-based
compensation cost as expense ratably on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service period. The Company will recognize a benefit
from stock-based compensation in equity if an incremental tax
benefit is realized by following the ordering provisions of the tax
law. In addition, the Company accounts for the indirect effects of
stock-based compensation on the research tax credit, the foreign
tax credit and the domestic manufacturing deduction through the
income statement. Further information regarding stock-based
compensation can be found in Note 7, &#x201C;Shareholders&#x2019;
Equity and Stock-Based Compensation&#x201D; of this Form
10-K.Income
TaxesThe provision
for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method,
under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the
currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect
for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized
or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than
not to be realized.The Company
recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if
it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical
merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the
financial statements from such positions are then measured based on
the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being
realized upon settlement. See Note 6, &#x201C;Income Taxes&#x201D; of
this Form 10-K for additional information.Earnings Per Common
ShareBasic earnings
per common share is computed by dividing income available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common
share is computed by dividing income available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number
of additional shares of common stock that would have been
outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued.
Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding stock options,
shares to be purchased under the employee stock purchase plan and
unvested RSUs. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive
securities is reflected in diluted earnings per common share by
application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock
method, an increase in the fair market value of the Company&#x2019;s
common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from
potentially dilutive securities.The following
table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per
common share for the three years ended September&#xA0;25, 2010 (in
thousands, except net income in millions and per share
amounts):&#xA0;Potentially
dilutive securities representing 1.6&#xA0;million,
12.6&#xA0;million and 10.3&#xA0;million shares of common stock for
2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, were excluded from the
computation of diluted earnings per common share for these periods
because their effect would have been antidilutive.Financial
InstrumentsCash Equivalents and
Marketable SecuritiesAll highly
liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the
date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. The
Company&#x2019;s debt and marketable equity securities have been
classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. Management
determines the appropriate classification of its investments in
debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates the
available-for-sale designations as of each balance sheet date. The
Company classifies its marketable debt securities as either
short-term or long-term based on each instrument&#x2019;s underlying
contractual maturity date. Marketable securities with maturities of
less than 12 months are classified as short-term and marketable
securities with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as
long-term. These securities are carried at fair value, with the
unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, reported as a component
of shareholders&#x2019; equity. The cost of securities sold is based
upon the specific identification method.Derivative Financial
InstrumentsThe Company
accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or
liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are
not defined as hedges must be adjusted to fair value through
earnings.For derivative
instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected
future cash flows that are designated as cash flow hedges, the
effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
is reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive
income in shareholders&#x2019; equity and reclassified into earnings
in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction
affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on
the derivative instrument is recognized in current earnings. To
receive hedge accounting treatment, cash flow hedges must be highly
effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on
hedged transactions. For options designated as cash flow hedges,
changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness and are recognized in earnings. For derivative
instruments that hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of
an asset or a liability and that are designated as fair value
hedges, the net gain or loss on the derivative instrument as well
as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to
the hedged risk are recognized in earnings in the current period.
The Company did not have a net gain or loss on these derivative
instruments during 2010, 2009 and 2008. The net gain or loss on the
effective portion of a derivative instrument that is designated as
an economic hedge of the foreign currency translation exposure of
the net investment in a foreign operation is reported in the same
manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment. For forward
exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges, the Company
excludes changes in fair value relating to changes in the forward
carry component from its definition of effectiveness. Accordingly,
any gains or losses related to this component are recognized in
current earnings.Allowance for Doubtful
AccountsThe Company
records its allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its
assessment of various factors. The Company considers historical
experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit
quality of the Company&#x2019;s customers, current economic
conditions, and other factors that may affect customers&#x2019;
ability to pay.InventoriesInventories are
stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out
method, or market. If the cost of the inventories exceeds their
market value, provisions are made currently for the difference
between the cost and the market value. The Company&#x2019;s
inventories consist primarily of components and finished goods for
all periods presented.Property, Plant and
EquipmentProperty, plant
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by use
of the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30 years or the
remaining life of the underlying building, up to five years for
equipment, and the shorter of lease terms or ten years for
leasehold improvements. The Company capitalizes eligible costs to
acquire or develop internal-use software that are incurred
subsequent to the preliminary project stage. Capitalized costs
related to internal-use software are amortized using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets,
which range from three to five years. Depreciation and amortization
expense on property and equipment was $815 million, $606 million
and $387 million during 2010, 2009 and 2008,
respectively.Long-Lived Assets
Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible
AssetsThe Company
reviews property, plant and equipment and certain identifiable
intangibles, excluding goodwill, for impairment. Long-lived assets
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by
comparison of their carrying amounts to future undiscounted cash
flows the assets are expected to generate. If property, plant and
equipment and certain identifiable intangibles are considered to be
impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by
which the carrying value of the assets exceeds its fair market
value. The Company did not record any significant impairments
during 2010, 2009 and 2008.The Company
does not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives, rather such assets are required to be tested for
impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. The
Company performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairment tests
on or about August&#xA0;31 of each year. The Company did not
recognize any goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in
2010, 2009 and 2008. The Company established reporting units based
on its current reporting structure. For purposes of testing
goodwill for impairment, goodwill has been allocated to these
reporting units to the extent it relates to each reporting
unit.The Company
amortizes its intangible assets with definite lives over their
estimated useful lives and reviews these assets for impairment. The
Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with
definite lives over periods ranging from three to ten
years.&#xA0;Fair Value
MeasurementsDuring 2009,
the Company adopted the FASB&#x2019;s new accounting standard on
fair value measurements and disclosures for all financial assets
and liabilities. The new accounting principles define fair value,
provide a framework for measuring fair value, and expand the
disclosures required for fair value measurements. During the first
quarter of 2010, the Company adopted the new fair value accounting
principles for all non-financial assets and non-financial
liabilities, except for items that are recognized or disclosed at
fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis, which
did not have a material effect on the Company&#x2019;s financial
condition or operating results.The Company
applies fair value accounting for all financial assets and
liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are
recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements
on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair value as the price
that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements
for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at
fair value, the Company considers the principal or most
advantageous market in which the Company would transact and the
market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as
inherent risk, transfer restrictions and credit risk. In accordance
with the fair value accounting requirements, companies may choose
to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other items
at fair value. The Company has not elected the fair value option
for any eligible financial instruments.Foreign Currency
Translation and RemeasurementThe Company
translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar
functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange
rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expenses for
these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate
those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these
translations are credited or charged to foreign currency
translation included in accumulated other comprehensive income in
shareholders&#x2019; equity. The Company&#x2019;s subsidiaries that
use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency remeasure monetary
assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of
each period, and inventories, property, and nonmonetary assets and
liabilities at historical rates. Gains and losses from these
remeasurements were insignificant and have been included in the
Company&#x2019;s results of operations.Segment
InformationThe Company
reports segment information based on the &#x201C;management&#x201D;
approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting
used by management for making decisions and assessing performance
as the source of the Company&#x2019;s reportable segments.
Information about the Company&#x2019;s products, major customers and
geographic areas on a company-wide basis is also
disclosed.Business
CombinationsIn December
2007, the FASB issued a new accounting standard for business
combinations, which established principles and requirements for how
an acquirer is to recognize and measure in its financial statements
the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any
noncontrolling interest in the acquiree in a business combination.
This new accounting standard also established principles regarding
how goodwill acquired in a business combination or a gain from a
bargain purchase should be recognized and measured, requiring the
capitalization of in-process research and development at fair value
and the expensing of acquisition-related costs as incurred, as well
as providing guidelines on the disclosure requirements. In April
2009, the FASB amended this new accounting standard to require that
assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination
that arise from contingencies be recognized at fair value, if the
fair value can be determined during the measurement period. The
Company adopted the new business combination accounting standard in
the first quarter of 2010 and applied these principles to any
business combinations completed in or after the first quarter of
2010. The adoption of the new business combination accounting
standard did not have a material effect on the Company&#x2019;s
financial condition or operating results.&#xA0;